Last time on Sonic X,
a research vessel vanished at sea,
leading to a maritime mystery.
While Dr. Eggman's
wrapped-up robots
sprang a trap to steal a map,
the ancient chart pointed the way to
the legendary continent of Murasia,
and our heroes set sail for the
last remnant of that lost landâ
a volcanic island!
When they found themselves
attacked by Dr. Eggman,
government agents
roared to the rescue.
But the devious doc
made his escape,
and he hatched a scary scheme to
liquidate the world with lava!
Can Sonic stop Eggman before
he causes a global eruption?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
If you'd have put up a
fight against Eggman,
instead of letting him capture
you, we wouldn't be stuck here.
Yeah! We had Eggman trapped,
but he had you and
your crew on board,
so we couldn't destroy his ship.
Don't act like that
was what stopped you!
She's upset.
Why don't you go and comfort her?
If you insist, sir.
I will do what I can.
[Huffing]
Those two bullies...!
Hiiiiyah!
[Grunting]
Huh!
[Gasp]
But I know I can fly the X
Tornado down into the crater.
It's too dangerous!
It's the only way to
catch up with Eggman.
I'm in.
Rouge? What about you?
You willing to come along?
Doesn't sound like I have a choice.
If I stay behind,
there won't be anybody on
the team to look after you.
Ha! Very funny.
We have found something.
Here, doctor.
Incredible!
This box seems to be
made of irmurasium!
What's irmurasium?
It's an unusual metal that
was used by the Murasians.
Hello!
According to my research,
Murasian cities were filled
with precious gemstones
even larger than this one.
Amazing!
I never knew archaeology
could be so fascinating!
Doctor! We will hit the lava soon!
[Evil chuckle]
I have a plan, don't worry.
If it is anything
like his past plans,
we are going to get burned.
Are you two doubting Dr. Eggman?
Doctor, Doctor,
they're dissing you!
You know what I like about him?
Yes. Nothing.
Well, I don't like you two either!
I've located a tunnel that will
take us further underground.
Let's go check out that volcano!
They blocked up the tunnel
after they drove through.
Ya see?
Hmph. That won't stop me!
[Grunting]
If you don't stop that digging,
you're gonna bury us here!
Heh, heh. Sorry!
There's another tunnel here,
but it's pretty narrow.
Let's see where it goes.
What about us?
We can look around
in the X Tornado!
Oh!
Careful! You both have big heads.
Good thing they're hard.
Ugh.
Oh!
It's some kind of fluorescent moss.
How'd ya know that?
Easy!
When you're a treasure
hunter like me,
you've been everywhere, and
you've seen all kinds of biz-
Come on, Sonic.
Huh.
I see!
It's two against one, now!
[Grunting]
[All grunting with effort]
These rocks are really slippery.
Watch your step!
[Yelling]
[Grunt]
Oopsie.
I'm always the fall guy.
It's... so wet!
It's too deep to wade across.
We'll have to swim.
But... that'd spoil my makeup.
Maybe I should go keep
Chris and Tails company...
Hey! Not so fast!
The bat can rot in this
cave for all I care,
but you're coming with me!
Ya can't get rid of me that easy!
Hmph!
[Gasping and coughing]
What a nightmare.
I hear a waterfall!
It might be a way out!
Huh.
Looks like a dead end.
Hey, wait!
Huh?
Thanks, Rouge!
I'll get that bat!
[Grunting]
Our exit's blocked off.
No sweat. I'll just dig us out.
[Chuckling]
[Grunting with determination]
Huh?
Ah!
No way!
Murasia!
The Murasians built an
underground kingdom!
But how?
As their continent sank,
they must've fled
to this huge cave,
and used the power of irmurasium
to make an artificial sun
to provide heat and light.
Once the Murasians
moved underground,
some legends say they
encountered terrible creatures
that destroyed their kingdom and
drove all the survivors away.
I always thought the stories
about underground kingdoms
and monsters were myths,
but it seems there was some
truth to them after all.
I don't believe those
monster stories.
I'd love to meet
monsters down here!
I could challenge them to a fight!
I'd destroy them all!
Ya know, you're kind of cute when
you talk about how tough you are.
Ya know I can't stand you?
I'm not surprised.
There's a very thin line
between "hate" and "love."
Well, you make it thicker!
Will you two take it easy, please?
We've got enough
turbulence up here.
Those two are like oil and vinegar.
Mm.
Ah.
Hmm.
Hmm...
Hey! I need to put something
yummy in my tummy!
Now that you mention it,
I'm hungry too.
Decoe, Bocoe, go grab us
some grub, on the double!
But what if we get lost, Doctor?
Ha! I'm not that lucky!
Why don't you send Bokkun?
There might be wild
animals around here.
I don't wanna be a
snack for a snake.
Bokkun's right. You
two are indigestible.
[Chuckling]
BOTH: Grrr...!
Cross your fingers!
The seismograph seems
to be working fine.
The seismic readings will
give us an idea of how much
internal pressure is building
up inside the volcano.
This is hopeless.
Look! I found something!
Is it edible?
It probably tastes like chicken.
I do not want to find out.
There! That looks more appetizing!
I have never seen
such a huge cherry.
Our search has been very fruitful.
[Chuckling]
[Grunting]
Oooh!
[Chuckling]
Woah!
Aaah!!!
Ah, ah, ah!
Eggman's robots!
[All screaming]
[Robots yelling]
Maybe we should do
something to help them.
This monster is bugging me out!
Right now I would give anything
for a giant mothball!
Maybe I can distract that thing.
[Grunt]
[Monster roars]
[All yelling]
[All panting]
Look out! Aah!
Woah!
[All yelling]
Hey, Chris!
Huh.
Where could he be?
ALL: Woooaah!
Huh?
What did you bring
that brat here for?
[Laughing sheepishly]
He risked his life to
save us from a giant bug.
Really!
Well, he isn't going
to save you from me
when I tear out your power supply.
Woah!
Ah!
The cave is going to collapse!
I hope everything is
all right in the cave.
Are Sonic and the
others gonna be okay?
That was just a tremor, so
they should all be fine.
But the pressure inside
the volcano is building.
Your friends are going
to be in real danger
if they stay down
there much longer.
How bad are things
going to get, doctor?
The data suggest the
volcano is about to erupt.
If you're still down there
when the volcano blows,
you'll be in great danger.
Forget about Eggman!
Just pack up your gear and head
for the surface right away!
Okay, doc!
What do we do?
We don't have any time to lose.
I gotta find Chris, fast!
We should come up
with a plan first!
The best thing for
me to do is wing it!
[Gasp]
Where do you think you're going?!
I'll search for Chris from the sky.
You and Tails can set up the equipment
and look for that hot spot.
Make sure you find it
before Eggman blows it up.
All right, but be careful, Rouge!
Good luck.
I'll see ya soon, handsome.
For such a small fry, you
certainly are a big sap.
You risked your neck
to save these clowns,
and now you're my prisoner!
How hilariously humiliating!
[Evil laugh]
I'm glad I tried to help them.
Uh! Uh! Uh!
Woah!
My analysis is finally finished,
and it shows the hot spot is
only a few hundred yards away.
[Robots tremble]
Quit loafing and let's get moving!
Huh?
Ah!
Oh, my!
Ah.
[Evil chuckle]
Do you have the detonator?
Yes.
Watch closely, kid.
You'll see why I'm called
a master of mayhem.
By setting off a
blast in this spot,
I'll cause a chain reaction!
This whole planet's
gonna blow it's top!
Every volcano in the
world will erupt,
leading to worldwide chaos!
On top of the ashes
of the old world,
I can build my Eggman Empire!
[Evil laughter]
Sonic'll stop you in time.
He'd better hurry,
because I'm gonna hit the
detonator switch right now!
Here.
You can't set that off!
Just watch me!
Aaah!
Sorry about that, Chris.
Dr. Eggman, that was mean.
That klutzy kid gave
himself the slip.
This dinosaur rocks!
Woah! Woah! Not another quake!
Oh?
[Yelling]
[Screaming]
Hm?
Aaaaaaah! Aaah!
[Frantic yelling]
We all have to get away fast!
Let's go!!!
Huh?
Oh? Oh!
[All screaming]
Sonic!
[Grunting]
Woah!
Need a lift?
Thanks, Rouge!
[All screaming]
Woah!
The detonator!
Oh, no!
Hurry! We must rush
to avoid the crush!
He is gone.
We are stranded.
The heat's on, now.
What do you mean?
This whole cave's gonna
fill up with lava.
Huh?
[Yelping in terror]
Let's get outta here.
It is no use.
A bomb is about to cause all the
volcanoes on the planet to erupt.
Oh!
Hey! Wait!
Where are you going?
Ah!
[Grunt]
[Grunting]
Come on! I've got something for ya!
Wait, kid!
We will help you!
But what can you do?
Outside we look like servants...
But inside we are built for battle!
All we have to do is
put our heads together.
And the result is electrifying!
What? What are you talking about?
First, we link up.
Then our internal circuits
undergoes a total integration.
Then our transformation
software is activated.
Which takes us into
power armor mode!
Which creates a mighty
mechanical giant!
A super colossal combat droid!
Well, now's the time to do it!
Here we go!
Going into battle mode!
Huh?
Huh.
We must've been in dream mode.
Hey, look out!
[Monster roars]
Woah!
Sorry! It appears our rescue
plan has fallen apart!
Decoe! Bocoe!
[Monster roars]
[Missiles fire]
[Explosions]
There's Chris!
Hi, guys!
[Grunting]
[Flame erupts]
Rouge! Are you okay?
Oof!
It's pretty tough!
[Flame erupts]
There must be a way to stop it.
You're right, but I
don't know what it is.
Hey, Sonic. This might help.
We can send it off with a bang!
ALL: Mm.
[All grunting]
Yoo-hoo!
[Grunt]
Down the hatch!
All right!
[Explosions]
[Earth shakes]
Come on! We gotta go!
Murasian culture seems more
mysterious than ever to me now.
I only wish we'd had more time.
Their achievements were astounding,
but perhaps they went too far.
Did their quest for greatness
lead to their destruction?
We may never know for sure.
Today, I almost got
crushed in a cave,
mangled by a monster,
and cooked by a volcano.
But findin' this baby
made it all worthwhile.
Oh!
Another artifact from the
underground kingdom of Murasia!
Thank you, Rouge.
Feel free to stop by the
museum anytime and see it.
Yeah... Sure, doc.
Decoe and Bocoe sacrificed
themselves to help me.
Yeah. Guess they weren't
so bad after all.
They proved themselves
to be heroes.
I'm gonna miss having
those two as enemies.
Huh?
You have warmed our
cold metallic hearts.
ALL: Huh?
Luckily, we pulled
ourselves together
just in time to escape the volcano.
[Both giggling]
You really are incredible.
Two resourceful robots like these
could come in very handy some day.
If they'd like to join our team.
Oh, you bet we would!
Dr. Eggman always
works us overtime!
We would like to work him over!
We slaved away for
Eggman long enough.
Now we will take charge
of our own future!
Eggman, we quit!